transport parameters follow the requirements of RFC 9000 unless explicitly overridden (#56)
kazuho/draft-kazuho-quic-quic-services-for-streams: draft-ietf-quic-qmux.md

# Transport Parameters

As in QUIC, QMux exchanges transport parameters following the rules established
in {{Section 7.4 of QUIC}}, with the modifications described in the subsections

> below. The container for carrying transport parameters is also different; see

Reviewer: Non-blocking nit: The container? The wire format? 
```suggestion
below. The wire format for transport parameters is also different; see
```

Author: It's indeed cryptic Let's be direct; please see 6b6c045.

Reviewer: Looks great!
